
VERSION 0.3-10

o added NAMESPACE file

o removed junk files

VERSION 0.3-9.2

o fixed bug in print.instantiatedProtoMethod

VERSION 0.3-9.1

o minor change to pass R CMD CHECK

o removed one file that was not relevant to this version of proto

VERSION 0.3-9

o minor changes to satisfy subtitute/eval changes in R 2.13.0 (thanks to
  Luke Tierney)

o x could previously not be the name of a proto object. Now fixed.

o proto print methods could break str.proto.  Now fixed.

VERSION 0.3-8

o minor changes to satisfy R 2.6.0

VERSION 0.3-7

o FAQ added as Appendix A of vignette

o str.proto added (modified code of Tom Short)

o the class of p$fun is now "instantiatedProtoMethod" and 
  print.instantiatedProtoMethod provided (modified code of Tom Short)

o "$.proto" now has a third argument which, if present, is a list of
  arguments at which to evaluate the instantiated method.  Intended for
  use within sapply/lapply/etc.  See examples in ?proto .

o modified DESCRIPTION to point to new home page

VERSION 0.3-6

o order of arguments in proto and as.proto.list changed to 
  address a bug

VERSION 0.3-5

o new arg funEnvir= on proto and as.proto.list [experimental]

o new arg SELECT= on as.proto [experimental]

VERSION 0.3-4

o new function graph.proto using Rgraphviz replaces dot.proto

o updated vignettes

o added proto-package.Rd (viewable via package?proto)

VERSION 0.3-3

o updated NEWS, README, WISHLIST and moved to to inst directory

VERSION 0.3-2

o bug fix (recursion bug)

o documentation improvements (vignette, .Rd files, README)

VERSION 0.3-1

o .Rd file improvements

VERSION 0.3-0

o that/super changed to .that/.super.

o .Name changed to ..Name in dot.proto

o improvements to .Rd files and vignette

VERSION 0.2-6

o demo index file fixed and demo renamed and enhanced

o proto.bib updated

o consistent use of obj$with(meth) in examples and demo where method
  not used in the context of a call

VERSION 0.2-5

o vignette and reference card now pass R CMD check/build/install

o CHANGES renamed to NEWS

VERSION 0.2-4

o added control argument to dot.proto

VERSION 0.2-3

o added reference card

o modified demo, .Rd files and vignette to correspond to new interface

o changed argument list for proto and eliminated delegate

o created as.proto.list and eliminated copy.proto

o fixed bug in proto.  Parent was not always set correctly.

o added ... argument to copy.proto

o added the isnot.function support function for use with copy.proto

o cleaned up $.proto code for handling .. names.

o the on-the-fly wrapper function generated by obj$meth now has the
  current environment as its environment.

o proto no longer coerces its parent to a proto object.  See note
  at end of proto.Rd.

o added .. name processing and updated .Rd file

o dot.proto now accepts names with dots in them

o added delegate and copy.proto commands and updated .Rd file

VERSION 0.2-2

o added .. name processing and updated .Rd file

o dot.proto now accepts names with dots in them

o added delegate and copy.proto commands and updated .Rd file

